# Click-Vet
AUTHOR: Edwin Kahugu

Click-Vet is an application designed to solve problems faced by small scale livestock farmers in Kenya in accessing Veteriary services. Coming from a background where my grandparents keep animals, I have witnessed the issues that come about when the services of a veterinarian are needed.
Most small scale livestock farmers have to call individual government veterinary officers to get their services. This poses a problem when the veterinary officer is working in a different area which is far away. This means the veterinary officer, has to travel a long way to a farmer who may have been served by a veterinarian available within their area. This would have saved the government money used to fuel the veterinary’s motorcycle, and time to reach a farmer which would save the life of an animal if it is an emergency.
Sometimes after calling a veterinarian, they say they will come on a particular day, but they fail to appear which can lead to the loss of life to an animal if it was an emergency situation which is a huge loss to a farmer. This project aims to bring accountability by allowing farmers to lodge a complaint against a veterinarian assigned to help them.
This project aims to provide a solution in the form of a USSD application which a farmer can request the services of a veterinary, an application for an admin to distribute the requests to an appropriate veterinary or agricultural extension officer within a certain area, and a database to keep records of requests sent by farmers which can provide valuable data to the livestock department e.g. Monitoring emerging livestock diseases in a certain location, but that is outside the scope of this project.
This project has utilised the Flask framework and a SQLite database to store information, and the Africa's Talking Api to allow access to the service by livestock farmers even if they have feature phones.
